for you as an actor what's it like
getting your grandma she's strong she's
she's smart she's edgy
she's contained she's great at her job
she's the person who is giving the
technical data that to the people that
are out on the field right it's it's
awesome it's awesome to play this this
amazingly strong woman with Grimm and
Sam there's you know there's a there's a
pretty detailed history but talk to me
about the relationship specifically in
blacklist how Sam and Grimm get along or
or maybe don't in a way I feel like
Grimm is kind of a goody-goody Sam you
know doesn't necessarily play by the
same rules you know and and of course
that's where you're gonna bite heads Sam
and Grimm go back you know over 10 years
right so the history is as you know very
convoluted I think that there is a
definite mutual respect I know that Sam
is darn good at what he does I also know
that there are logistical ways to do
things that make sense to me I'm very
analytical it's know this plus this
equals this this is what we've been
instructed to do so therefore we must do
this this is the highest risk so no we
shouldn't do that we should do this and
Sam seems to operate for more from an
instinctual place you give the signal my
contact parts the safe house it'll be a
clear run at copán
it always looks easy on a screen to be
clear Sam we are talking about an
extraction not killing him Grimm has
that real little sister scrappiness that
no this is I'm gonna be heard and this
is what it is now that comes out in full
force a lot with Charlie she doesn't
think she needs him she doesn't think
that fourth echelon needs him Charlie
operates very much from his heart he
kind of isn't quite as familiar with
this kind of environment as the rest of
the team so there's that sort of
mothering thing going on you know it's
Charlie no get to work
go stop thinking stop feeling go and get
your job done you know with Briggs
there's just a basic mutual respect
you know I've got his back I know he's
got my back don't pat yourself on the
back Charlie we got lucky we slept
together a mission based on hunches
right
that's why we won't waste time playing
defense this is I would imagine pretty
surreal of an experience talk to me
about you know how it the theatrics of
being in a game of this extent the first
time I walked into the volume I was
quite intimidated because you know these
really big things are happening high
stakes lives at risk you know people you
care about are in danger and you're on
this mission to sort of save the world
and yet there's nothing here except you
and your fellow actors you become
completely unaware that there's 80 mocap
cameras that are following sort of every
move that you make playing grim has been
the highlight of my career